And I expected more from you.
Hey Lee, what are you talking about?
Got a pin.
About my posts.
Are you that lonely?
You've got nothing better to do.
Hey Lee.
Please, please.
I don't know what's happening.
Did you talk to Emily about my posts?
Yes, we do.
Do you want to sift about me?
No, why would I look up to you?
You're supposed to be the mature one
and you're just like Emily, busy running your mind.
Hey Lee.
Look, I can see you're upset.
But trust me, this is a huge misunderstanding.
I love you.
I would never, ever say anything behind your back.
So please, calm down.
Sometimes I just feel so alone.
Between Nana and work.
And then knowing all of you were talking about me.
I promise, that's not what happened.
You're just really tired and overwhelmed.
So why don't we just slow things down a little?
You know, meetings always make me feel better.
Even on my worst days.
Why don't we go inside?
Clean up a little.
Enjoy the program together.
Then afterwards, we can all talk.
I promise, it'll be okay.
I don't know how this happened.
But Haley, I'm sorry.
It hurts me to see you so upset.
You too.
First, what you heard was not what I said.
Well, I thought that's how you felt.
And even if I got that part wrong,
all this drama...
Let's stop.
Come on, girls.
Haley, come closer.
Love is patient and kind.
It's not jealous.
It doesn't become provoked, even when things become difficult.
So what are we going to do?
I just thought that...
No, I'm sorry, Ellie.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have judged you so harshly.
I shouldn't have judged you at all.
And I'm sorry for dragging you into this,
by twisting what you said.
It's okay.
Things happen.
I've been on both ends.
I should never have spoken that way to you, Celia.
To either of you.
And to none.
I'll call you tomorrow.
I wish you could give it a rest.
Sorry?
Oh, nothing.
I'm sorry.
It's just Emily for the millionth time.
What's the problem, love?
There's no problem.
It's just difficult to let her back in.
Not that simple.
You want to forgive.
But...
I'll get burned again.
Keep in mind...
A chance to forgive is a chance to imitate Jehovah.
We wouldn't want to miss that opportunity.
I never thought about it like that.
Think back to a time when you wanted forgiveness.
When it meant everything.
How did it feel?
You feel awful.
That you've let everyone down.
They forgive you.
Suddenly everything's okay.
Emily.
Sorry I haven't been back to you.
Plan for tomorrow.
Give me...
Especially...
This hat.
Oh, thanks.
You've given me so many great ideas.
Yeah, but you make them...
I can't believe it.
A treasure place in Jehovah's house.
You will help.
I'm sorry you're asking, Celia.
But you've been here.
Oh my goodness.
She's in love with her own voice.
Ever sitting near her at the hall.
Like she's the only one that can seem.
And...
My first thought.
Oh no.
Here we go again.
I've seen this movie before.
You don't think she's showing off?
Is this just about Emily?
Seems it's all about Haley.
Is there just a little bit of envy in there?
I've lived it.
If it's the case of her being more careful
how she comes across, that's another matter.
What did she suggest?
I should tell her that she needs to stop.
Can you believe that?
Especially as a pioneer.
What kind of example is this?
How quickly it snowballs out of control.
You are such...
Hello!
You've got nothing better to do.
How difficult it can be to unravel.
I shouldn't have judged you so harshly.
I shouldn't have judged you at all.
A chance to forgive is a chance to imitate your hover.
Think back to a time when you wanted forgiveness.
Has anyone ever tried talking to her about her singing?
You know what I love about Veronica?
She's probably the most hospitable person I know.
Always open-house at her place.
And can she cook?
Have you tried her curry?
Yes, I've tried it.
I really do.
Yes.